.TH TAGGER 1 "June 2025" "v1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
tagger \- file tagging system for managing and querying file metadata tags

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tagger
[\fIcommand\fR] [\fIarguments\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtagger\fR is a command-line tool to manage metadata tags on files. It supports assigning, removing, counting, and listing tags. Tags are persisted in a system-wide JSON database.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
\fBhelp\fR
Show usage summary or point to man page.

.TP
\fBlist\fR
List all tags in the system.

.TP
\fBlist <file_path>\fR
List all tags assigned to a specific file.

.TP
\fBlist-all-files-with-tags\fR
List all files currently tracked with at least one tag.

.TP
\fBsearch <tag>\fR
List all files that have the specified tag.

.TP
\fBassign <file_path> <tag>\fR
Assign a tag to the specified file.

.TP
\fBdeassign <file_path> <tag>\fR
Remove a tag from the specified file.

.TP
\fBdeassign-all-tags <file_path>\fR
Remove all tags from the specified file.

.TP
\fBdeassign-all-tags-systemwide\fR
Clear the entire tag database (remove all tags from all files).

.TP
\fBassign-all-tags-to-file <file_path>\fR
Assign all known tags to the given file.

.TP
\fBcount-tags <file_path>\fR
Print how many tags are assigned to the specified file.

.TP
\fBcount-files-with-tag <tag>\fR
Count how many files currently have this tag.

.TP
\fBremove-tag-globally <tag>\fR
Delete the tag entirely from the database, removing it from all files.

.TP
\fBfile-has-tag <file_path> <tag>\fR
Check if a specific file has a given tag.

.TP
\fBtag-exists <tag>\fR
Check if the tag is defined in the tag database.

.SH OPTIONS
None. All arguments are positional.

.SH FILES
.TP
\fB~/.tagger_db.json\fR
Tag database storing tag associations (exact path may vary depending on implementation).

.SH EXIT STATUS
Returns 0 on success, -1 on failure.

.SH AUTHOR
Omar Fadi Hasbini

.SH SEE ALSO
json-c(3), find(1), grep(1)

.SH DISCLAIMER
See LICENSE for details. This tool is provided for educational purposes only. 
Use these commands at your own discretion. The author assumes no responsibility
and provides no warranty, liability, or guarantee. It is not intended for use in
any critical systems, including but not limited to flight control.
